what a man is our day-to priest he is
changed ontologically he is made a
different brand of human being a little
less than the angels when I first
entered st. John's I loved
in the confessional booth there was a
dividing wall but there was a little
space so you could sign back and forth
and he would bless you
and he told me to take off my pants I
kept it a secret he's assaulted you know
probably 200 children we thought that
the priest would be removed from the
school I thought I was going there to
uncover the crime but the people sending
me in obviously had ulterior motives
what do you do about father Murphy
it would walk in like a cat this was
known it had been dealt with in the past
I just kept thinking enough enough I was
mad and I wanted to protect these deaf
kids oh no father true we don't turn our
priests in that's the worldwide policy
to snuff out scandal I had no idea how
big a story it was there was no
conspiracy but there was something far
worse than a conspiracy these documents
seem to turn the whole story on its head
did I minimize and blame I don't know
what they would have done if it would
have been a Stewart murders from 2001
forward every single pre sex abuse case
went to rats he has all the death
you